fix: remove SMTP connector dependency on @logto/shared (#88)
logto-io/connectors: .changeset/thin-sloths-breathe.md

---
"@logto/connector-smtp": patch
---

1. Remove the dependency on @logto/shared.

> 2. Do not check the email format since we have blocked invalid inputs at FE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Do not check the email format since we have blocked invalid inputs on frontend; Also no need to check the format for a custom sign-in since it should be decided by the developer.
```
